---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

1. What did you do this past week?  
    This past week I worked on building the RESTful API for our website. During the process I needed to turn a SQLAlchemy query into a JSON, 
    so I looked online for other people's solutions and found a ton. Almost all of them had some reply saying that the proposed solution didn't work though,
    so I continued looking and looking. At this point it seems that all solutions are flawed in some way, so I'll have to test out which
    actually works the best for what I want to do. It's kind of crazy how many different solutions there are! 

2. What's in your way?  
    A lack of time again. I have an important exam this week that I need to focus on, so I can't dedicate as much time to this class as I would like. 
    I also still haven't caught up on all the sleep I need, so I end up being pretty sleepy most of the time when trying to do work. This
    isn't exactly the best state to be working in - at some point this week I'm hoping to get back on track sleep-wise. 

3. What will you do next week?  
    This upcoming week I'm going to work on the website when I can. Unfortunately it can't be my main focus this week. Next week my focus will
    also be shifted to another class because the next OS project is due next Friday. 
    
My experience in class:  
    In class we had talks from Spiceworks and ParivedaSolutions. I really enjoyed the talks because they gave me a glimpse into what it's like to 
    be a software engineer in the real world. It was a little overwhelming though because they mentioned a lot of technologies that I'm unfamiliar with.
    I suppose that's just part of getting adjusted to working somewhere though - you'll have to learn lots of new things in a short amount of time. 
    In creating the IDB website for this class I've had to learn a lot of new things, but I feel like I haven't learned them as well as I would like.
    In part due to a lack
    of time, but also because I sometimes have issues finding sources that explain things in a simple manner. I'm hoping that I get more
    used to learning new technologies on the fly and perhaps learn a better way to seek out helpful resources. 
    
Tip of the week:  [Here's](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/08/160803140137.htm) an interesting article about quantum computing

Laugh of the week:  In honor of Halloween here's a [Lazy Halloween Costume](http://imgur.com/DIdgwm4) and 
a [Spooky Joke](https://i.reddituploads.com/498aa6f3b85b4bb1a75468290bee145a?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=e538fafca4d1db24002a1e699e667920)
