---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

1. What did you do this past week?  

  This past week I finished the Netflix project! I also had my first four interviews ever for a computer science related internship, which is a big step for me! I transferred into the CS program last year, so I’m still trying to catch up and get experience before I graduate. I had my first semi-technical interview, which went pretty poorly. It was a learning experience for sure - I’ll have to prepare more for future technical interviews. 


2. What's in your way?  

  Other classes. I’ve got two tests and two projects due this week, so it’s a bit of a crazy time right now. 

3. What will you do next week?  

  Next week I’ll start prepping for the upcoming exam in this class. I haven’t kept up with the readings as diligently as I should have, so I’m going to need to play catch up so that I’m prepared for the exam. I also need to follow up with some companies from the career fair who told me to fill out their applications online.. 

  
My experience in class:  

  I missed class on Tuesday to go to the career fair brunch, so it looks like I missed out on a talk from a NASA employee. It would have been nice to attend lecture, but I think that going to the brunch probably was more helpful in the long run. On Thursday we talked about generators. I’m perhaps a little too familiar with the inner workings of them. In my 429 class we had to implement a generator, so we handled the context switching between functions and the fun that comes with that. It was probably my hardest project to date and surprisingly one of the shortest programs I’ve written. It was mainly just a lot of thinking and understanding how the computer does what it does. I’m not necessarily the most fond of generators. 
  
Tip of the week:  

  I’ve heard that [Cracking the Coding Interview](https://www.amazon.com/Cracking-Coding-Interview-Programming-Questions/dp/0984782850) is a useful book to help prep for technical interviews. I’ll have to get it and try some problems before my next technical interview!

