---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

1. What did you do this past week?

    I worked on Netflix with my partner. At the moment we have a simple algorithm that is getting an RMSE of 0.97 when run on the entirety of probe.txt. We still need to test it on subsets of this file to see if the RMSE holds for smaller subsets. I'm hoping we can get an RMSE below 0.95, but it really depends on how much time we'll have. 

2. What's in your way?

    Once again a lack of time is in the way. I have to miss class tomorrow to go to the career fair and brunch, so I'm going to be behind in class . I also spilled water on my laptop so now some of the keys don't work, which is going to make things difficult for me until I find a good fix.

3. What will you do next week?

    Next week I probably won't do a lot of intensive work for this class because I have to study for the 439 test and turn in the first part of Pintos, but I will try to start early on the next project.
  
My experience in class:

We had a guest speaker come into class on Tuesday, which surprised me cause I didn't see it on the schedule. The talk gave me insight into working at companies that aren't typically associated with technology, which was interesting. I still think I'd prefer to work at a tech company, but his talk made me more open to working at a non-tech company. We also got assigned the Netflix project, which initially was really confusing. I wasn't really sure of what we were supposed to do, but thankfully it's making more sense now. 


 
  
Tip of the week: 

You've likely heard of this, but just in case you haven't [f.lux](https://justgetflux.com/) is a good thing to have on your computer if you'll be working at it a lot. It will shift the color of your screen as it gets later in the day to make it easier on your eyes and also to make it interfere less with your sleep.

Life tip:  
If you spill something on your computer make sure to set it in rice or silica packets even if it seems that you've dried everything.

